So this is the current state of our system.
It has got a lot of components and each component, whether it's a web application, it's the services
they all can be scaled out of.
Law goes up.
We can add more number of instances to all of these components.
And that way, we can take care of the law.
There is, however, one component, which is our database component, and right now we are using both
rescue and I'd be remiss.
So this being an idea, BMS cannot be scaled out maximum.
What we can do is we cannot read replicas, so it can help to some extent by taking care of reload.
But ultimately, this architecture will not be able to take care of the load if it goes beyond a point
and it start reaching our database and if it starts overwhelming our database.
So we still need to take care of our data architecture that we have in our system in order to take care
of high volume of requests because those high volume of requests will choke our database.
So in the next few sections, we will see how we can or what we can do to the architecture of our system
in order to take care of high amount of data.